[DOCS] Add search pagination docs (#56785)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/search/request/from-size.asciidoc

[discrete]
[[paginate-search-results]]
=== Paginate search results

By default, the search API returns documents for only the top 10 search

> results, starting with the first, most relevant document.

Author: I meant to comment on this!

I think "search result" tends to be a more intuitive term than "hit" -- but I don't see us getting rid of either in the near term. It's sort of a similar synonym situation with "token" and "term."

However, I also know that "search results" can be a more loaded term while "hit" can be more narrowly defined.

That said, I don't have a strong preference. If you lean toward one or the other, please let me know. There could be other impacts I haven't considered. I can update the changes here to use "hit/hits" if wanted.

> To paginate a larger set of search results, you can use the search API's `size`
> and `from` parameters. The `from` parameter is a zero-indexed offset from
> the first result you want to fetch. The `size` parameter sets the maximum
> number of results to return.

Reviewer: "Offset from the first result you want to fetch" doesn't make sense. It's an offset from the beginning of the result set. [The Definitive Guide ](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/guide/2.x/pagination.html) called it "the number of initial results you want to skip". That seems a little convoluted--it's really just the document you want to start with.

```suggestion
To paginate through a larger set of results, you can use the search API's `size`
and `from` parameters. The `size` parameter is the number of matching documents to return. The `from` parameter is a zero-indexed offset from the beginning of the complete result set that indicates the document you want to start with. 
```

[IMPORTANT]
====
The combined document count, including offset and and returned documents, for
the `from` and `size` parameters cannot exceed the
<<index-max-result-window,`index.max_result_window`>> index setting, which
defaults to 10,000 documents.

> ====

Reviewer: I think the point here is that by default, you can page through a maximum of 10,000 documents. I'd say that, and then xref the settings, but probably not as a note. Instead,
I'd pull some of the cautionary info about deep paging into an important note from the definitive guide.
